I see turnaround on Friday.
I see turnaround on Friday
and the midnight hour. I see turnaround
on Friday.
We call that turnaround on Friday. I see
it. It's a small little window,
but we'll take it. It's a small little
window by a few votes. Do you hear me?
It's a small window on Friday late with
a few votes.
A few votes. All they need. I hear a few
votes to push this over. A few votes. By
a fraction of a hair.
By a fraction of a hair. I see fear in
their heart. You hear me? I'm seeing it
prophetically.
We work on those hearts. They're just
there. It's just a few people. Do you
hear me? Few. A few. I see these few.
The Lord said, I'd give you a few. Do
you can see roots? You hear me?
Boy.
You pray over those. Just right there.
He said, You see that group right
there? I see them. It's a huddle. It's just
a few. How
many? One, two, three. I'm counting
their faces. Four, five, six,
seven.
Seven.
And then there's one big one.
There's one predominant.
A few
pray over these few
in the midnight hour for a prayer for a
change, a Hail Mary,
a conviction on their hearts, a
conviction on those hearts. I see it.
They're not. I see their minds. It's on
their minds. It's on their minds.
It's pressure from the outside. It's
pressure on them to make this decision
on the outside. You do what we tell you
to do. I hear it.
I hear it.
There's pressure, but it's
about money. You do what we tell
you to do or we cut off the money.
Your election's coming up next year. You
do what we tell you to do.
I
see the plan.
I see fires.
I
see
fires.
I
see
fires.
We pray over the few. We pray over the
few,
making the right choices.
Making
the
right
choices.
I
see
it.
If we can just get them to flip right
there, it will be over. I see these
people's hearts. They're not too
far from it. They're right on the edge,
but they're being pushed by these other
outside sources, and they're being told,
You do what we tell you to do.
They're being told you do what we
tell you.
You do what we tell you to do. Great
influence is on them for pressure from
their party. You hear me? But
they're so close.
They're so close. I'm talking it's
by a hair
like this. It just we just got to push
it over by the spirit right now. We call
it in as they're sleeping. As they're
working on their hearts as they're
sleeping. It's the middle of the night.
We call working on their hearts as
they're getting ready. It's
there.
At the midnight hour, we call a
turnaround. At the midnight hour, we
call a turnaround. We call a turnaround.
Over their hearts. Over their hearts.
Even Pocahontas. Do you understand?
A fear. A fear of the Lord. A fear of
the Lord.
A sensible budget. A sensible coming to
the table. We're calling it in right now
in Jesus name. We'll not have riots in
this nation. You'll not burn our
buildings. You'll not steal from us.
They'll not have all this
chaos. We call peace over this nation in
the name of Jesus. We'll have peace over
this nation, over every state,
over Arkansas, over Oklahoma, over
Texas, over
Illinois, over
California. We'll not have it. We'll not
have it in the name of Jesus.
The blood. The blood. The blood.
Immediately. Immediately turn.
Immediately turn and immediately turn.
It is. I see even concerning
Ukraine.
This money is to influence into Ukraine.
I see.
Should I say that out loud? The arrow
goes from Washington DC into Ukraine
to
Kiev
for special interest.
They're trying to protect this,
but that money is not accounted for.
That money, that money is not accounted
for.
There's no accountability over that
money. It goes in extension to Ukraine
and there's no accountability there.
And you draw your own conclusion.
It's 15
billion.
Is that 15 million? It's a big number.
There's money there. I just see
the money's funneling. Stiff necked
people. Stiff neck people with bad
agenda.
Darkness.
Darkness in the corners. I see labs.
I see medical labs. I see science
projects. It's like
they look like
bio-labs.
They have white outfits on and I see
white counters. Same thing with white...
Why are they raising so hard? I
see it's touching special interest.
It's touching the special
interest. Pet projects. I'm seeing New
Year's Eve.
I see New Year's Eve.
I'm in Times Square. I see
the two men on CNN. New York will
look so much different at this time.
New York will look so much more
different at this time.
By this time, it's like no hope
for some. Sad.
America looks so different. 2026.
2026.
There's so much expectation
for the beginning of the new
year.
There's, you know, when you
have that expectation for 2026, every
year you're optimistic. What does
this year hold? You know, you can feel
that charge in the atmosphere. I
feel it. But it's everybody wants
blessing. They want the New Year's
resolution. They're expecting. I'm in
the Times Square. I can see it. It's so
clear. But there I feel a sadness there.
I'm looking into it and I can see
it and I can see those two men. I just
camp there. I'm just trying to figure
out why the Lord's brought me there.
And now I'm back in Ukraine. Now
I'm seeing and I can see I hear John
Lennon.
Imagine. I can hear this song
playing.
Imagine. Lord, Holy Spirit, what is this?
What are you showing me all this for?
What is this, Lord?
I hear that. Imagine all the people.
It's in the New York.
Oh,
I just saw a flash.
I saw a flash. I can
see the building.
I can see the building.
I hear the people screaming.
Do you know whenever you are in a crowd,
you hear them yelling and they're
running?
What year is this?
I just thank you Father that every plot,
every plan
is uncovered in Jesus name.
Every plot,
every plan
is uncovered in Jesus name.
I just bleed the blood over my mind.
It looks like a teardrop and the
way it goes out.
It looks like a teardrop. But as this here, do you know whenever you see like you take
a flash on
a camera but
this is yellow?
It looks like a
yellow flash.
It's in the middle almost like
when you hold a match,
but this is a massive thing there. It's a
massive thing that goes out
and it looks like a flash of light.
It moves and this one area and
it moves out and it goes out
and it looks like fire.
But it's shaped like a
teardrop.
I could see it so clear.
But I hear women.
I can hear the women screaming.
I can see this move out like this. But
it doesn't just go out
on the sides. It goes up and down. It's
all like this. This light, a flash.
And as I see it, that's all I can see.
The light in it.
And it moves out like this.
But I hear women screaming.
And I hear John
Lennon
singing. Imagine.
I can't see what happened to anybody. I
just hear them screaming.
I don't know what happened. I don't
know what that is.
All I hear is I can hear the you know
like whenever you hear like we
would see Godzilla come on a scene or
something. You know what I'm talking
about? And then they go and they're
screaming. That's the way it sounds. And
it's echoing like
the echo of the sound.
Men and women,
the echo.
But I don't see why. I don't see them.
It disappeared. The vision went away.
But I could see it. And it was just a
flash.
Like a flash. Screams. I could hear
screams. I could hear that. And
then nothing. But then I was in Ukraine.
And I could see Ukraine
again.
I don't know. That's why I said I don't
know what that is. I don't know.
It's light.
Like you're taking a flash. I'm not
going to assume anything.
I don't want to add to or
take
away from anything.
I told you exactly what I see right
there. I don't know what that is or what year
it is. I
know
those
two men are on CNN on
New Year's Eve, and I
could hear the music.
At the beginning
of the vision, I told you
there's
anticipation
for the year. I could feel it.
2026.
People are excited about the year
and
the change, but there's
fear in the atmosphere
and
sadness for some reason. I see
the
face of
the man
running for mayor.
He spoke before me right then. I see his
face,
and
I have my assumptions about
what
that
is.
Well, we just pray every
plan
is uncovered, just like we
uncovered the SIM cards,
just how we
prayed over Pam Bondi. We have
authority. I believe
it's to be continued. It lifted.
I was in it very strongly. I saw this,
and then it went away; He didn't
want me to see anything else.
I'm sure He'll let me later. He doesn't want
me to talk about it publicly
yet,
but it's
very interesting to me.
There
is
more to pray about, more prayer
assignments. We have so much work to do.
Aren't you excited?
It's never a dull moment. The Lord
always keeps us on track
regarding
these people, their plots, their
plans, and their pursuits. I pray for our government to stay open this week, and we'll continue to pray
over
this as we are in this together.
We'll pray for revival
and for our churches to
wake up.
Praying for President Trump, I'm seeing
a little bit more
about
an
attempt
to
fatally wound
the eagle. They
are
trying to fatally wound the eagle.
I see the man with
the black hoodie again.
Remember I told you about the man with
the black hoodie?
It's
the enemy within.
The enemy within has a plan. The
Lord said, 'How do
you eat an elephant? You take one bite
at a time.'Don't focus on all of it; I'm
giving you pieces of things to pray. I
hear the Spirit of the Lord say,
'Brandon,
right now you tackle the budget.
You eat
a whole elephant one bite at a
time.'It's
really big, but don't get
overwhelmed. Take the care out of
your prayer, because if you don't, it
makes you get in the flesh, and that's
why I can't go there. What I'm seeing is
very troublesome
in the natural and very heavy,
but the Lord said,
'I show you pieces at a time.
I keep you going. This is
ongoing.
Right now, we take authority over the budget.'That's what
you have
to do for
the riots they have planned for
this weekend going into next week, that
they
would be drained.
You eat this one bite at a
time. That may sound gross to
people, but I'm just trying to paint
a picture. We do one thing at a time,
then we move to
the next.
We keep praying, but the
Lord gives you a little bit more. He
says, 'You have a track you have to keep
on. There's more.'We call those
seven to turn in the
middle of the night. It's on a thin
line, but we
have the victory.
We need
a budget that is
sensible
and
not crazy, one
that pays
our people what they deserve.
They've earned
it. It's
honorable. A man is worthy of his hire; a
woman is
worthy of her hire. If they
work for it, we need to pay them
as a nation. That's the bottom
line: paying people what they've
earned and worked
for is
honorable.
If they work for it, they deserve a
check. They work hard, and
it's wrong
not to pay people.
The FAA
is
working for it; they keep us
protected and watch over us as we're
flying.
It's just common sense. And these
RINOs,
the Lord said
to
pray into that
group.
There's softness, but there's influence
on them through blackmail. 'You do what we
tell you to do,'I hear them saying.
The Lord said to pray for that group
because
there's some
softness there
that
you can work with.
The
Lord said those are the ones you can
work with. I saw this group of
people leaning toward voting the
right way, but they're
facing
great influence and pressure from
others. 'You do this, or we're going to
make sure you don't get
reelected.'It's
blackmail and outside pressure
regarding
money funding their campaigns.
They should flip parties anyway and say,
'We're done with
you.'They
stand for what they stand for, but
they know what's right, and paying
people their wages is right. They have a
conscience, partially.
Some of the things they stand for are wrong,
but the Lord said that's
what you need.
I'm just
telling you what the Holy Spirit says,
so that's what we're going to continue
to pray for. I challenge you as
we close tonight: you have an
assignment.
We're praying for the hearts of
about
seven of them to
change.
I'm trying to count them.
There was one behind, but I'm praying
for
these people to change. I saw men
and women.